
open with a description of the applied problem, i.e. bottoming out. at some point, say in future work we'll use a more nuanced approach (not dichotimizing, maybe separating gamers w/ ppl actually using hints as worked examples) but for now use this as an illustration of a more common problem.

mention a few more examples from ed research, not nec. ed tech


Rev 1: 

The method presented in the paper is based on Jiang and Ding (2021), with a new
estimating equation introduced. However, the paper lacks a thorough examination of
the method.
– The moment conditions implied by the covariate ignorability suggest several possible estimating equations, beyond those presented in Lemma 1. It is possible that
alternative equations could be more efficient than the ones proposed.

TO DO: ignore. JREE reviewers won't care

– It may be more appropriate to formulate the OLS estimator as a two-stage least
squares estimator, given that R is also estimated.

TO DO: maybe mention this as an alternative? We account for this w/ sandwich estimation

• The application provided in the paper is solely intended to illustrate the proposed
method, which does not align with the journal’s guidance. The journal expects data
analyses to go beyond numerical calculations and focus on comparative analyses and
substantive findings
– It appears that the estimation is based on residualized covariate ignorability. The
authors should discuss the plausibility of this assumption in the application.
– The authors used backward selection and AIC to choose the covariate in the principal score model. However, the choice of x
S
should be based on the plausibility
of covariate ignorability, rather than the prediction accuracy of the principal score
model.
– The outcome model employs fixed effects. It is important to discuss how this
interacts with the plausibility of the assumptions and the sensitivity to model
misspecification.

TO DO: write more about residual covariate ignorability in application

Rev 2/ AE:

“This paper proposed a new estimator for the principal effects based on the method of moments
without making assumptions on the shape of the errors in the outcome regression model.
Changing a fully parametric outcome model to MOM is a nice thing, but we have seen all the
assumptions described in the paper before (for example, Ding and Lu, 2017 and Jiang and
Ding, 2021) and the setup of one-sided noncompliance is quite restricted.”

TO DO: better emphasize differences w/Jiang & Ding: (1) easier to implement (2) uses principal scores explicitly

other TO DOs:

- change "ignorability" to something else
- import text from CAREER proposal?